Initial assessment, emergency department case, Date and time of incident: around 1 p.m. on 22-9-2026, place of incident: at his residence, age of incident: found lying on the floor around 1 p.m. on 22-9-2026, then place of incident, then brought by Patma, informant himself, identification mark: there is a surgical mark over the right lower abdomen, presenting complaint: primary assessment airway patent, breathing RR 18 per minute, saturation 98% on room air, breathing normal, air entry bilateral equal, CCT negative, FAST negative, circulation CRT less than 2 seconds, heart rate 80 per minute, saturation, BP 160/90 mmHg, peripheral pulses present, PCD negative, FAST negative, left side kidney: there is a large cyst seen on the left side kidney, disability GCS E4, GCS E4, pupils bilaterally equal and reactive to light, GRBS in exposure temperature 98 degree, pyrexia, log roll, Nion Nidu, adjuvant primary: P2, then adjuvant primary ECG, BBG PAG 7.425, PCO2 38, Hb 15, sodium 135, potassium 3.6, glucose 131, HCO3 24.5, then GRBS 122 milligram per deciliter. Then the VBG, ECG, then history of presenting illness: patient came to ER with complaints of found lying on the home around 10-1 p.m., and the patient found to have left weakness over the left upper limb, lower limb weakness with face, for which he came here for further evaluation and management. Code 7 has activated, no history of any trauma or external injuries, seizure for the patient, secondary survey signs and symptoms, left side upper limb, lower limb weakness, left upper limb, lower limb weakness. Then bedside screening, IVC, collapsing, no bleedance, no WMA. The secondary survey signs and symptoms: the left upper limb, lower limb weakness, past medical history: hypertension. Then surgical history: nil, family or gynec history: LMP, not applicable allergies: nil. General examination: no pallor, icterus, cyanosis, clubbing, lymphadenopathy, or edema. Systemic examination: CVS S1 S2 normal, chest normal expansion, abdomen soft and non-distended, then CNS: conscious, oriented, no focal neurological deficit. Left upper limb zero by 1, left lower limb zero by 5, and right upper limb 5 by 5, right lower limb 5 by 5. Then extremities normal. Psychological assessment: no features of depression, anxiety, psychosis, agitation, suicidal ideation, substance use. Investigations: ER advanced, PT-INR, CT brain with angiogram, code 7 activated, treatment plan: continuous monitoring in ER, symptomatic management with ingestion, symptomatic management with ingestion, this patient ER observation, CT brain with angiogram, differential diagnosis IC brain CVA, MR scan, Doctor Fatima, EM consultant doctor, Doctor Shabnam, Shashi, make a case sheet in number format.